azure: add more info on how to use Flatcar (#188)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/installing/cloud/azure.md

  </div>
</div>

> You can use both image offers `flatcar-container-linux` and `flatcar-container-linux-free`, and depending on your instance type the `CHANNEL-gen2` images for HyperV Generation 2 images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use both image offers `flatcar-container-linux` and `flatcar-container-linux-free`. The release channels  `alpha`, `beta` or `stable` can be selected via Azure's `--plan` option. Generation 1 instance types use the plan names as is; for Generation 2 instance types please append `-gen2` to the plan name (i.e. use one of `alpha-gen2`, `beta-gen2` or `stable-gen2`).
```

Author: In the example above `--image kinvolk:flatcar-container-linux:stable:2345.3.0` is used, doesn't this mean gen 2 would be `--image kinvolk:flatcar-container-linux:stable-gen2:2345.3.0` instead of an additional `--plan` argument?

Reviewer 2: @pothos is correct. In the URN syntax, "(alpha|beta|stable)(-gen2)?" is actually the "sku". The "plan" argument is just metadata.
